Day 0, 7:52 PM
Mark: Huh?
Gregg: Marlo at Forest Lawn can check and see if “Mario” has a Moe tattoo to the right of his balls, on his leg. If not--it’s not Mario.
Gregg: Call Marlo and ask her.
Mark: I’m not asking that.
Gregg: I trust you Tim that you have the correct information about Marion’s passing.
Gregg: Sorry--that was meant for Tim Smith.
Tim: Mario has been cremated.
Mark: Is Smith still on this chain?
Gregg: Tim is on this chain.
Mark: Thread
Mark: ?
Mark: Smith or Heidecker?
Gregg: Heidecker.
Gregg: I can add Tim Smith if you like. He could clear this all up.
Tim: Don’t, he is one of the jerky boys!
Gregg: Tim is very jealous of Tim.
Mark: Please don’t.
Tim: He is very close to the Moe Howard gamy.
Tim: Family.
Mark: He was confusing.
Gregg: Tim loved Moe, Mark.
Mark: Heidecker?
Mark: I’ll call Forest Lawn about Mario and Marion.
Gregg: Mario is not Mario.
Mark: ?
Gregg: It’s an imposter, and the real Mario is in Alaska.
Tim: Mark you need to do 5 things tomorrow: QQ Contact Mario at cemetery. QQ Arrange for ballbesrers. QQ Get a video of Moe’s career. QQ Send out a statement to the stooge community.
Gregg: This fake Mario stole Mario’s identit
Mark: ?
Tim: Also alert the Fine family.
Gregg: Fake mario stoke from Marlin.
Gregg: Fake Mario stole from Marion.
Tim: Jason Fine (Larry’s grandson) will want to hear from you.
Gregg: Jason Fine is a goddamned liar.
Gregg: He is not Larry’s grandson.
Tim: There is some dispute but I believe him.
Gregg: His real name is Lawrence Marino. Not Fine.
Tim: His mother was Larry’s daughter, correct?
Gregg: Marino conspired with the “Mario” to steal precious Moe nudes.
Tim: Just let the fins know.
Mark: I’ll call Forest fine tomorrow.
Mark: Lawn.
Tim: Thank you Mark. Send dick pics as well when you can.
Gregg: Marino is bad news guys. Ex-con.
Tim: Take care.
Gregg: Forrest Fine is Larry’s real son.
Gregg: But died years ago.
Mark: What do do dick pics have to do with anything?
Mark: Dick pics
Mark: ?!
Gregg: To confirm it is really you.
Tim: ????
Tim: Don’t worry about it.
Tim: I thought it would be a nice gesture.
Tim: Mark Pray for Marions family tonight.
Mark: K
Gregg: Marion’s family all Died. The Howard’s.
Gregg: Mark, Mario (the real Mario) wants to meet with you when he returns from Alaska to share memories of his beloved Marion. You will love these stories!
Gregg: The fake Mario’s ashes should be flushed down the toilet, guys. What a scammer.
Mark: ???
Mark: ???
Mark: ?
# *THE END*
